README.md, before:

![alt text](image-3.png)

# Engineer Coding Challenge

## Purpose

As part of CookUnity's selection process, we request that candidates complete a small
project aimed at helping us grasp their skills, experiences, creativity, problem-solving
abilities, and knowledge.

## Backend

### Scope

Develop a RESTful API centered around Pokémon Cards that can be integrated with a
frontend or application, featuring the following functionalities:

- Creation of a new card.
- Updating an existing card.
- Retrieval of a specific card.
- Retrieval of all cards.
- Deletion of a card.
- Card Battle Simulation: Given a selected card, we aim to determine whether it
  can defeat another card in a single attack. This assessment considers factors
  such as weaknesses and resistances based on types. For instance, if Feraligatr
  (Water) attacks Charizard, it might not initially succeed, but based on Charizard's
  weakness (Water) could result in a 2x damage multiplier, granting victory to
  Feraligatr. Conversely, consider Scizor (Steel) facing Pikachu; here, Scizor's
  attack might only deal 40 points of damage based on the Pikachu's resistance
  (20 less for Steel), rendering it unsuccessful in the battle. You can see the details
  of the cards below.
- Identify Card Weaknesses and Resistances: Given a selected card, retrieve a list
  detailing which cards it is weak against and which it is resistant to. For example
  choosing Pikachu would reveal Onix as a weakness and Scizor as a resistance.

![alt text](image-2.png)

![alt text](image-1.png)

### Notes

- The solution must be implemented in Typescript. Feel free to use any framework.
  (e.g., NestJS)
- Postgres must be used as the database engine.
- Feel free to make any necessary assumptions regarding required fields, data
  structure, and validations.
- Data persistence is required.
- The solution should be hosted in a repository accessible to the CookUnity
  collaborator who issued the challenge.
- Upon completion, a document outlining the assumptions made, the implemented
  solution, and instructions for running it should be submitted to the CookUnity
  collaborator.
- Documentation of the API endpoints (e.g., Swagger) should be provided.

### Bonus

- Authentication
- Filtering
- Pagination
- Unit testing
- Deployment of the API to a cloud service (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc.)
- Utilization of AWS services (API Gateway, Lambda, EC2, ECS, EKS, S3, etc.)

## Frontend

### Scope

Create a view capable of displaying all available cards, alongside another view
dedicated to showcasing a single selected card, with an option to engage in battles
against other cards.

![alt text](image.png)

### Notes

- The solution must be implemented in React with Typescript. Feel free to use any
  framework if you want. (e.g., Next.js)
- Feel free to make any necessary assumptions regarding required fields, data
  structure, and validations.
- Feel free to use any library or css preprocessor. (e.g., Styled Components, Sass)
- The solution should be hosted in a repository accessible to the CookUnity
  collaborator who issued the challenge.
- Upon completion, a document outlining the assumptions made, the implemented
  solution, and instructions for running it should be submitted to the CookUnity
  collaborator.

### Bonus

- Authentication
- Filtering
- Pagination
- Unit testing or e2e tests
- Deployment of the frontend

## Solution for FE Code Challenge

### Demo

![demo-video](/demo.gif)

### Run app

1. After clone the repo.

2. Open a terminal and on the repo directory run:

   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

4. Enjoy the app! 🙂

Commit message:

Add Assumptions section to  README.md

README.md, after:

![alt text](image-3.png)

# Engineer Coding Challenge

## Purpose

As part of CookUnity's selection process, we request that candidates complete a small
project aimed at helping us grasp their skills, experiences, creativity, problem-solving
abilities, and knowledge.

## Backend

### Scope

Develop a RESTful API centered around Pokémon Cards that can be integrated with a
frontend or application, featuring the following functionalities:

- Creation of a new card.
- Updating an existing card.
- Retrieval of a specific card.
- Retrieval of all cards.
- Deletion of a card.
- Card Battle Simulation: Given a selected card, we aim to determine whether it
  can defeat another card in a single attack. This assessment considers factors
  such as weaknesses and resistances based on types. For instance, if Feraligatr
  (Water) attacks Charizard, it might not initially succeed, but based on Charizard's
  weakness (Water) could result in a 2x damage multiplier, granting victory to
  Feraligatr. Conversely, consider Scizor (Steel) facing Pikachu; here, Scizor's
  attack might only deal 40 points of damage based on the Pikachu's resistance
  (20 less for Steel), rendering it unsuccessful in the battle. You can see the details
  of the cards below.
- Identify Card Weaknesses and Resistances: Given a selected card, retrieve a list
  detailing which cards it is weak against and which it is resistant to. For example
  choosing Pikachu would reveal Onix as a weakness and Scizor as a resistance.

![alt text](image-2.png)

![alt text](image-1.png)

### Notes

- The solution must be implemented in Typescript. Feel free to use any framework.
  (e.g., NestJS)
- Postgres must be used as the database engine.
- Feel free to make any necessary assumptions regarding required fields, data
  structure, and validations.
- Data persistence is required.
- The solution should be hosted in a repository accessible to the CookUnity
  collaborator who issued the challenge.
- Upon completion, a document outlining the assumptions made, the implemented
  solution, and instructions for running it should be submitted to the CookUnity
  collaborator.
- Documentation of the API endpoints (e.g., Swagger) should be provided.

### Bonus

- Authentication
- Filtering
- Pagination
- Unit testing
- Deployment of the API to a cloud service (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc.)
- Utilization of AWS services (API Gateway, Lambda, EC2, ECS, EKS, S3, etc.)

## Frontend

### Scope

Create a view capable of displaying all available cards, alongside another view
dedicated to showcasing a single selected card, with an option to engage in battles
against other cards.

![alt text](image.png)

### Notes

- The solution must be implemented in React with Typescript. Feel free to use any
  framework if you want. (e.g., Next.js)
- Feel free to make any necessary assumptions regarding required fields, data
  structure, and validations.
- Feel free to use any library or css preprocessor. (e.g., Styled Components, Sass)
- The solution should be hosted in a repository accessible to the CookUnity
  collaborator who issued the challenge.
- Upon completion, a document outlining the assumptions made, the implemented
  solution, and instructions for running it should be submitted to the CookUnity
  collaborator.

### Bonus

- Authentication
- Filtering
- Pagination
- Unit testing or e2e tests
- Deployment of the frontend

## Solution for FE Code Challenge

### Demo

![demo-video](/demo.gif)

### Assumptions

The pokemon application was implemented in `Next.js` along with the following dependencies (among the most important ones):

- Typescript
- Tailwind CSS
- Shadcn
- Axios
- Prettier
- Eslint

Because only the FE part was done, the pokemons public api was used (https://pokeapi.co/).

### Run app

1. After clone the repo.

2. Open a terminal and on the repo directory run:

   ```
   npm run dev
   ```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

4. Enjoy the app! 🙂
